# SCOTTY'S BAKERY!
The Scotty's Bakery App allows a user to select their favorite desserts and add it into the shopping cart.  They can then increase or decrease the quantity of items they want, once it is in the shopping cart, or remove the item from the cart completely one of two ways (1. clicking "-" in the cart when the quantity is at 1 or 2. Selecting the "REMOVE FROM CART" option next to the dessert item).  Once a user adds an item to their cart, they'll see their item go under the "Your Cart Items" list with a quantity picker, defaulted at 1.  A user can then press "-" to remove it from the cart or "+" to add to the quantities that they'd like to purchase.  Once a user selects "ADD TO CART", the "ADD TO CART" button will change to "REMOVE FROM CART", which signifies that the item has been placed successfully in their shopping cart.  A user can press "REMOVE FROM CART" to remove the item from their cart.  Doing so will allow the item to be removed from the section under "Your Cart Items" and the "REMOVE FROM CART" button will revert to the "ADD TO CART" button.

The project has been tested using the Expo app on my own personal iPhone 11 Pro Max and using the Android Studio app on my laptop, where the app was tested using the Pixel 7 Android emulator.  The app works on both devices and has been tested thoroughly!

This project is my mid-term exam for INF 657 (Mobile Web Development 2).  It is a front-end-related course and thus, no back-end code has been implemented.  There will be no checkout options or ways to add a credit card or user information at this time.  For educational purposes, if not taught in this course, I may add to the project to enhance and hone my skills, eventually adding back-end development to the project, but for the course, it has been limited to front-end JavaScript and React Native.
